Update "Manage user data folders" (#3369)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/user-data-folder.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## How many UDFs are created?

Each instance of a WebView2 control is associated with a WebView2 session.

> Each WebView2 session has exactly one UDF and a UDF can only have at most one WebView2 session at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each WebView2 session has exactly one UDF.
* A UDF can only have at most one WebView2 session at a time.
```
trying a list, to help digest the two distinct, related points.  not sure how this format flows with the subseq. paragraph's points.
At minimum, insert comma after "one UDF".

> A WebView2 control shares its WebView2 session with any other WebView2 control that uses the same UDF. This is true whether the WebView2 controls are in the same host app or different host apps. However a UDF may only be shared amongst host apps in the same logon session (more specifically, only one HDESKTOP). See [Process model for WebView2 apps](../concepts/process-model.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A WebView2 control shares its WebView2 session with any other WebView2 control that uses the same UDF. This is true whether the WebView2 controls are in the same host app or different host apps. However, a UDF may only be shared among host apps that are in the same logon session (more specifically, only one HDESKTOP). See [Process model for WebView2 apps](../concepts/process-model.md).
```
pls elaborate ", only one HDESKTOP".  what does "only one HDESKTOP" mean?
